README.md, before:

# Dashbox

Dashboard management tool for [Hitbox.tv](http://www.hitbox.tv) livestreams.

## Requirements
- .Net Framework 4.5

## Features

- Update livestream title and game details via Hitbox.tv API or [GlaDOS-bot](http://glados.tv/Commands)
- Automatically suggests game names so you don't have to guess
- Monitor your channel's viewer and follower count in real-time -- no need to open a browser!

## Usage

1. Type the name of the channel you want to control
2. Type your Hitbox.tv username and password for authentication
3. Type your livestream title and game name and press…
- **Update with GlaDOS** to update data via GlaDOS bot (you must have moderator rights in the specified channel)
- **Update** to update data normally via Hitbox.tv API (you must own the specified channel)

## Bugs?

We want your reports! Please, open an issue here on GitHub for that.

## Contact
[Peliyhdistys Legacy ry](http://www.pelilegacy.fi)  
[Peli Legacy Hitbox channel](http://hitbox.tv/pelilegacy)  
[Twitter @ArkkisN](http://twitter.com/ArkkisN)  

## Disclaimer

None of your personal information will be recorded by this software. Your username and password will only be used when authenticating to Hitbox.tv API.

© 2014 Joni Nieminen

Special thanks to Daniel Beaupre for for giving me a nice example of how to update Hitbox stuff.

Check him out at [Twitter @danbopes](https://twitter.com/danbopes) and [Hitbox](http://www.hitbox.tv/glados).

Commit message:

Add download link and improve description

README.md, after:

# Dashbox

Dashboard management tool for [Hitbox.tv](http://www.hitbox.tv) livestreams. Similar to eg. Twitch Dashboard Lite and other tools but for Hitbox.tv.

Download compiled binaries from [here](https://github.com/Arkkis/Dashbox/releases).

### Requirements
- .Net Framework 4.5

### Features

- Update livestream title and game details via Hitbox.tv API or [GlaDOS-bot](http://glados.tv/Commands)
- Automatically suggests game names so you don't have to guess
- Monitor your channel's viewer and follower count in real-time -- no need to open a browser!

### Usage

1. Type the name of the channel you want to control
2. Type your Hitbox.tv username and password for authentication
3. Type your livestream title and game name, then press either of the following two
- **Update with GlaDOS** to update data via GlaDOS bot (you must have moderator rights in the specified channel)
- **Update** to update data normally via Hitbox.tv API (you must own the specified channel)

### Bugs?

We want your reports! Please, open an issue here on GitHub for that.

### Contact
[Peliyhdistys Legacy ry](http://www.pelilegacy.fi)  
[Peli Legacy Hitbox channel](http://hitbox.tv/pelilegacy)  
[Twitter @ArkkisN](http://twitter.com/ArkkisN)  

### Disclaimer

None of your personal information will be recorded by this software. Your username and password will only be used when authenticating to Hitbox.tv API.

© 2014 Joni Nieminen

Special thanks to Daniel Beaupre for for giving me a nice example of how to update Hitbox stuff.

Check him out at [Twitter @danbopes](https://twitter.com/danbopes) and [Hitbox](http://www.hitbox.tv/glados).
